

Arena Screen:

1. "Share your views…" should open compose screen.

2. Remove post button and change the camera, gallery icons.

3. Remove CM and add Rate your state and national leaders.
- Need UI  

4. "Rate your state and national leaders" will open CM and PM with their cabinets respectively.
- Need Api

5. One important post will be highlighted on top from Raajneeti id.
- Done automatically from backend

6. Delete and edit post.
- Delete  and Edit post Api required

7. Improve alignment of like and comments. Also fill the empty space with more options.
- UI design to fill empty space

2 days for developing.

Settings Screen:
1. Option to select home screen (Arena , Survey and Rate Now). Arena and survey will rearrange if selected.

1 day for developing.

Rate Now Screen:

1. Share/rate leader will appear/disappear when ever the candidates are rated. Change Rate Leader button position

2. Party symbol will be at bottom left corner. 

3. Blue tick will appear at the starting of their name.
- Api will provide the blue tick

4. Add party name.

5. Rating(eg 3.2) should say “current rating” at the bottom.

6. Change message after submitting the ratting.

7. Create attractive table for the candidate information.
- UI design

8. If MLA - show other prominent candidate from same constituency.
    If CM  - show cabinet.
    If MP  - show other prominent candidate from same constituency.
    If PM  - show cabinet.
- Apis required

9. Add local arena at bottom. Do not use gallery option in local arena only camera for posting images, use disclaimer for same.

5 days for developing.

Rate your state and national leaders Screen:
1. Show maximum 6 candidates and add next to show more candidates.
- Need api

2. Show their ranking and rating both.
- Need to add these parameter in the api

1 day for developing.

Trends Screen:
Show top six MP and MLA
- Need api

Settings Screen:
1. Remove profile.
2. Select you home screen option.
3. Add whats new.

2 days for developing.

General:
1. Add Bell icon for notification screen.
2. Selected home screen will have "Rate your state and national leaders".

1 day for developing.

Follower and following functionality will be discussed in later phase.